README.md, before:

# AIStarurdaysKigali

Lessons plan for AI Saturdays Kigali


Some usefuls link for AI Saturdays Lessons and plans 


The first 2 weeks we will learn Machine learning foundations.

 - Linear Algebra
 - Calculus 
 - Probabilty and statistics 
 - Introduction to python programming and datascience tools (pandas and numpy)
 
 ## Week 1 : Linear ALgebra
 Another preliminary video :
 
 [By siraj raval Motivation Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr6VqTRO1v0)
 ### Theorical session :
  - [Essence of linear algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)
  - [Khan academy Linear Algebra ](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/linear-algebra)
 ### Pratical Session :
 - [Azeez Blog For Python Tutorial](https://kantologist.github.io/Tutorials/#!/)
 - [Introduction to python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4mEzFDjqtA)
 - [Coding Problems to solve](https://github.com/zhiwehu/Python-programming-exercises/blob/master/100%2B%20Python%20challenging%20programming%20exercises.txt)
 
 
 
 ## Week 2 : Satistics and Probability
 
 ### Theorical session : 
 - [Introduction to Statistics and Probability](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r_EWA3FXfM)
 - [Another Intresting Video from Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/statistics-probability)
 - [check this one also](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPZD_aij8H0) 
 ### Practical Session 
 
 - Pandas for Datascience Exploratory data analysis [10 minutes to Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/10min.html)
 - More advanced tutorials [1](https://realpython.com/python-pandas-tricks/) and [2](https://realpython.com/fast-flexible-pandas/)
 - Comming soon
 
 ## Week 3 : Calculus and more ex

Commit message:

adding final tutorial...
Quick Dive into pandas

README.md, after:

# AIStarurdaysKigali

Lessons plan for AI Saturdays Kigali


Some usefuls link for AI Saturdays Lessons and plans 


The first 2 weeks we will learn Machine learning foundations.

 - Linear Algebra
 - Calculus 
 - Probabilty and statistics 
 - Introduction to python programming and datascience tools (pandas and numpy)
 
 ## Week 1 : Linear ALgebra
 Another preliminary video :
 
 [By siraj raval Motivation Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr6VqTRO1v0)
 ### Theorical session :
  - [Essence of linear algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)
  - [Khan academy Linear Algebra ](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/linear-algebra)
 ### Pratical Session :
 - [Azeez Blog For Python Tutorial](https://kantologist.github.io/Tutorials/#!/)
 - [Introduction to python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4mEzFDjqtA)
 - [Coding Problems to solve](https://github.com/zhiwehu/Python-programming-exercises/blob/master/100%2B%20Python%20challenging%20programming%20exercises.txt)
 
 
 
 ## Week 2 : Satistics and Probability
 
 ### Theorical session : 
 - [Introduction to Statistics and Probability](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r_EWA3FXfM)
 - [Another Intresting Video from Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/statistics-probability)
 - [check this one also](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPZD_aij8H0) 
 ### Practical Session 
 ## Main Tutorial
 - [Quick Dive to pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/quick-dive-into-pandas-for-data-science-cc1c1a80d9c4)
 - [Pandas Exercices](https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises)
 ## Additional Ressources
 - [Be efficient in pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/be-a-more-efficient-data-scientist-today-master-pandas-with-this-guide-ea362d27386)
 - [Pandas Exercices](https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises)
 - Pandas for Datascience Exploratory data analysis [10 minutes to Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/10min.html)
 - More advanced tutorials [1](https://realpython.com/python-pandas-tricks/) and [2](https://realpython.com/fast-flexible-pandas/)
 
 ## Week 3 : Calculus and more ex
